well hello everyone dear friends with
you spoon and today we continue
play a game called minecraft
all 1.4.7
sofitel mods this is of course a knot here
this one and of course daoudi
surprised surprised overall i'm carrying everything now
15 oak boards even more look and
now I will delight you ukha sushi
You are such a master of lines from
such a cornice created such a house
mor morgue taught me a lot yes
really well done fellow man
thank you morgue if you watch this
video and well done so straight young
above all frightens those earplugs earplugs in
click all earplugs earplugs to
shift push yourself want it again
again that night is no longer here i am not
accelerated day or is it just
today is cloudy they are from the sun
all ok what are you an addict or something
oh well then ok and bad hold no
thanks, I'm already so dog
black-black why are you rummaging here
still down to be incomprehensible
the sun is gleaming now on this
moment in monitor oh my god oh my god
home oh oh oh oh oh oh no hell damn
hell house blocked the house covered with ice
captured monsters attack us that
what to become and assholes dull palm yes
okay okay , our skeleton is shot dead
the house of heat drenches let's give you about ari
creature whose 100 hp damn no food
you here
yes I am hail our house is robbed by a-j
enderman here is not only endermen not
only all of them here are two ohrenet and
fuel oil horseradish they in vain I came here it is necessary
in short
throwing throwing me yo i just went to
him and customers and right now I will kill and almost killed
dude i probably put my account
eat by
excellent even more bones where you where I
you assholes they disappeared listening like a point
in the house to put the house quickly
get it and understand how they are in their
I ca n't see stupid tables yes yes yes I haven't
stupidly sometimes disappear this figo bolin and
no we lead they see us they
shoot
by the way I stopped shooting at myself
cute so the arrows stick out
Almeida I killed one finally red
wool chose 20 so we could know
now
kill one and make a bunch of these yourself
bed me for the rest your little thing you
2 for wolves is it urge yes yes yes
yes yes oh and the command of the blema, then no, no
give commands and I understood and this is where thanks
for watching
here yes indeed phrases were with you
forgive all bye-bye until I with
I say goodbye to you and how if here
for the first time then you can subscribe to
channel put like call friends and with
you were spoons called all good luck to all
until